1) Describe the planned project
I'll work on making interactive Breakout where the user's location determines 
the location of the paddle. The users can move horizontallyin a 5 meter 
range in front of the Microsoft Kinect. This will encourage physical vigor 
in players while reviving a classing Atari game. The goal of this game is to 
clear all the blocks from the board and get the maximum amount of points. 

2) Evaluate the competition
The Atari 2600 home version of Breakout: This project has a vintage
aesthetic that can never be matched by a new game. What makes this project
unique is the fact that it requires an Atari console to play, which is 
difficult to find these days. 

Blackberry's Brickbreaker: This project was my introduction to a Breakout-like
game. It has many levels you get up to and a limited lifespan that is consumed
as you progress through the levels. The cursor of Blackberrys made this game 
very satisfying and addicting in a way that is hard to emulate. The user gets to 
traverse many different levels with increasing difficulty while collecting coins, 
power-ups, etc.

Atari.com/arcade: This project is trying to revive the original feel of the original 
while adding increased functionality like playing thorugh the network and including 
support for gamepad integration. This project uses Adobe Flash Player to run the 
animations. It also added progressive mode and cavity mode which weren't included in 
the original version of Breakout, rather they were part of the subsequent SuperBreakout
game

3) Identify Dimensions for Comparison

A) Original Aesthetic 
B) New features 
C) Accesibility 
D) Multiplayer mode 
E) Controls 

A --> This dimesion is the most important because when considering implementing classic games
the user, perhaps an older person who played the original game, wants to remember the good 
ol' times when people went to arcades and interacted with other human beings. 

B --> While original feel is important, innovation is also a part of the development process, 
and ideally you would want to balance the classic with the forward-looking 

C --> If no one can play your game, it is pointless. It should be freely available on the 
internet 

D --> Playing with friends always enhances the video-gaming experience, albeit this was 
originally a single-player game 

E --> Playing with a keyboard vs a control pad vs your body 


