check10.txt

Edit this file and then submit it to autolab.

Be sure to watch the videos very carefully, and not just
skip ahead to the parts required to answer these questions!

Be *very brief* in your answers!  Seriously.  Brief.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

1. Your full name and andrew id: Leandro Lopez lslopez

2. The full names and andrew ids of your groupmates, if you worked in a group.

3. Dates/times that you watched the videos listed in check9.html (fill this out as you go):
0249, 0304, 0307, 0309, 0320, 0334, 0337, 0340, 0343, 0350

4. Total time this check required (fill this out when you are done):
70 mins

5. Exceptions

5.1 Consider the lastChar(s) function given on the notes page.  Write a simple try/except block that calls lastChar('') without the program crashing.

def lastChar(s):
	try: 
		return s[-1]
	except: 
		return "String must be nonempty"

6. Functions Redux

6.1 When using variable length args, why would you put a * in front of the argument when calling the function?
To unpack the given iteritible into a tuple 

6.2 What is the problem with using a mutable default argument?
Mutable default arguments will not clear on each function call 

6.3 Look back at the animation framework used for this course.  Inside, we make use of lambda functions and functions as parameters.  Briefly describe how each is being used.
A lambda event class is being used to bind Mouse presses and key presses to the canvas 

6.4 What is the differences between making use of *args and **kwargs?
**kwargs packages items into a dictionary 

6.5 What is one reason you can think of to declare a function inside another function instead of making it global as we usually do?
In order for the function to be self sufficient and in less need of dependencies 

6.7 Describe, in your own words, what a function decorator does.  What is the relationship between function decorators and functions that return functions?
Decorators alter the functionality of a function. It takes in another function as an argument
and generates a new function 

7. Recursion Part 2 Questions:

7.1 Why would you need to expand the size of the stack?
For some recursive problems, it will be necessary to recurse deeper than python allows

7.2 Why is the memoized version of fib so much faster than the regular version?
It stores results in a dictionary, thereby not having to compute results repeteadly 

7.3 Which advanced worked examples (from 1-5) was the most interesting to you?  Why?
printFiles seems like the most useful one to me since recursively printing files down 
directories saves a lot of time.

7.4 In your own words, describe what a fractal is.
It's a set with a repeated pattern

7.5 What is another problem you can think of that you might be able to solve using backtracking?
Knight's tour

